# CreateCharge

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**handle** | **string** | Per account unique reference to charge/invoice. E.g. order id from own system. Multiple payments can be attempted for the same handle but only one authorized or settled charge can exist per handle. Max length 255 with allowable characters [a-zA-Z0-9_.-@]. It is recommended to use a maximum of 20 characters as this will allow for the use of handle as reference on bank statements without truncation. | 
**key** | **string** | Optional idempotency key. Only one authorization or settle can be performed for the same handle. If two create attempts are attempted and the first succeeds the second will fail because charge is already settled or authorized. An idempotency key identifies uniquely the request and multiple requests with the same key and handle will yield the same result. In case of networking errors the same request with same key can safely be retried. | [optional] 
**amount** | **int** | Amount in the smallest unit. Either &#x60;amount&#x60; or &#x60;order_lines&#x60; must be provided if charge/invoice does not already exists. | [optional] 
**currency** | **string** | Optional currency in [ISO 4217](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) three letter alpha code. If not provided the account default currency will be used. The currency of an existing charge or invoice cannot be changed. | [optional] 
**customer** | [**\Reepay\Model\CreateCustomer**](CreateCustomer.md) |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **map[string,object]** | Custom metadata. | [optional] 
**source** | **string** | The source for the payment. Either an existing payment method for the customer or a card token &#x60;ct_...&#x60;. The existing payment method can either be referenced directly with id, e.g. &#x60;ca_...&#x60;, or the keyword &#x60;auto&#x60; can be given to indicate that the newest active customer payment method should be used. | 
**settle** | **bool** | Whether or not to immediately settle the charge. If not settled immediately the charge will be authorized and can later be settled. Normally this have to be done within 7 days. The default is not to settle the charge immediately. Note that not all payment methods support immediate settle. | [optional] 
**recurring** | **bool** | If set and the source is a token for a payment method that supports recurring charging (e.g. credit card), a recurring payment method is stored for the customer and a reference returned. | [optional] 
**parameters** | [**\Reepay\Model\ChargeParameters**](ChargeParameters.md) |  | [optional] 
**ordertext** | **string** | Optional order text. Used in conjunction with &#x60;amount&#x60;. Ignored if &#x60;order_lines&#x60; is provided. | [optional] 
**order_lines** | [**\Reepay\Model\CreateOrderLine[]**](CreateOrderLine.md) | Order lines for the charge. The order lines controls the amount. Only required if charge/invoice does not already exist. If given for existing charge the order lines and amount are adjusted. A maximum of 100 order lines is allowed. | [optional] 
**customer_handle** | **string** | Customer reference. If charge does not already exist either this reference must be provided, a create customer object must be provided or the source must be a payment method reference (e.g. &#x60;ca_..&#x60;) identifying customer. Notice that customer cannot be changed for existing charge/invoice so if handle is provided it must match the customer handle for existing customer. | [optional] 
**billing_address** | [**\Reepay\Model\InvoiceBillingAddress**](InvoiceBillingAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**shipping_address** | [**\Reepay\Model\InvoiceShippingAddress**](InvoiceShippingAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**use_pm_for_subscription** | **bool** | When used with a subscription invoice the subscription payment method will be updated. If the subscription is pending the subscription will be activated with the payment method. The recurring argument is set to true. | [optional] 
**text_on_statement** | **string** | Optional argument to define the text on bank statement. Notice the following about this argument: 1. It only works for some acquirers. 2. Acquirers may have rigid rules on the content of the text on statement. Not complying to these rules will result in declined payments. 3) It is already possible to define custom text on statement using templating in the Reepay Administration. Contact support for help. We highly recommend to only supply this argument if absolutely necessary, and the templated default text on statement is not sufficient. Maximum length is 128, but most acquirers require a maximum length of 22 characters. Truncating will be applied if too long for specific acquirer. Characters must match regex &#x60;[\\x20-\\x7F]&#x60; | [optional] 
**payment_method_reference** | **string** | Optional reference given to the created payment method in case recurring argument is used to save payment method. Max length 64 with allowable characters [a-zA-Z0-9_.-@]. | [optional] 
**async** | **bool** | For payment methods that supports both synchronous and asynchronous handling this parameter can be used force a specific handling. Asynchronous handling means that a pending state will be returned. The subsequent state change can be registered by using webhooks. The default depends on the payment method. | [optional] 
**acquirer_reference** | **string** | Optional reference for the transaction at the acquirer. Notice the following about this argument: 1. It only works for some acquirers. 2. Acquirers may have rigid rules on the content of the acquirer reference.  Not complying to these rules can result in declined payments. 3. It is already possible to define custom acquirer reference using templating in the Reepay Administration.  Contact support for help. We highly recommend to only supply this argument if absolutely necessary,  and the templated default acquirer reference is not sufficient. Maximum length is 128,  but most acquirers require a maximum length of 22 characters.  Truncating will be applied if too long for specific acquirer.  Characters must match regex &#x60;[\\x20-\\x7F]&#x60; | [optional] 
**account_funding_information** | [**\Reepay\Model\AccountFundingInformation**](AccountFundingInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_funding** | **bool** | Indicates that Account Funding Transaction (AFT) is requested. It only can be used for instant settle (i.e. &#x27;settle&#x27; &#x3D; true) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

